---
date: 2025-11-23T10:06:27-08:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2025-W47'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

<!--more-->

## Summary

- The rainiest drive out
    - Several coworkers and I all carpooled out to the work meetup, and it was an unexpectedly soaked drive. It felt like it went quickly since I had company, but seven hours of intense rain was a lot.
    - At least I finally got some significant and extended mileage on the car, and with all the rain, it didn't get too bug-covered.
- Company Meetup
    - We have these two to three times a year, and it's been getting difficult in 2025. I had my first miss for the spring one and drove up to this one.
    - The energy in this one was a bit weird for me. I think it was a combination of the fact that many of the engineers missed this one and many people slept very poorly for various reasons.
    - We didn't even have our regular closing ceremonies, where we talk about the next meetup and how the meetup has gone.
    - I don't want to talk about the content of the meetup on my blog, but it was good to sit down and have face-to-face conversations about where we are going. I love some of it, feel anxious about some of it, and am outright displeased about some of it, but isn't that everything work?
- All the Snow
    - We went to a very snowy place, and I was able to see snow for the first time since I was in my single digits.
    - I learned how to drive down a mountain in ice and snow for it. It was touch-and-go and scary when I started sliding down the road a few times, but nothing bad happened.
- The longest drive back
    - We took a new way back on the way home, and it was about the same time, but there were almost no places to stop for most of it, and it got a bit rough in parts, but we made it.
- Weird week
    - For the whole week, I didn't have much reading time, watching time, or music time at all. I am not one to put headphones on in a room full of people I can talk to, so the rest of this list is short of more profound thoughts, just sharing random news.

## Books

- If I Could Reach You, Vol 1 ⭐⭐⭐
    - The art is decent enough, and the emotional writing is strong, so much pining. The book feels as if it were a single volume about a teenager's unrequited first love; it would be pretty good. But there is a bit too much "teens with crushes on adults," which makes me uncomfortable. I am going to give the next book or two a read, but this is not going to stick for me.
- If I Could Reach You 2
    - Starting this and unsure about it.

## Music

All of this music I listened to, more or less, in the car while driving people around, so I will have more thoughts later.

- Swan's "The Seer"
    - I think this is one of my least favorite of them so far
- Seeming
    - I have been going back through Seeming's fantastic catalog in preparation of the new album. I still think "Talk about Bones" might be my favorite track, but generally, I think most Seeming works best in Album form.
- Cynthoni's "LIFELESS MISERY"
    - This one caught me off guard immediately. The dreamy synths and harsh crunch over breaks I had come to expect from Jvne were gone from the start. Instead, the album dropped into some hard D&B and dark, evil samples. Parts of it reminded me a lot of some of their earlier doom/industrial works. The album does eventually slide into some familiar sounds on the last track but is the most significant stylistic divergence in a long time.
- Snog's "The Last Days of Rome"
    - My favorite Snog album that still manages to be as relevant as ever. Honestly it feels like the more time passes the more Snog becomes relevant.
- Xiu Xiu's "13" Frank Beltrame Italian Stiletto With Bison Horn Grips"
    - If I were going to get into Swans, why not more experimental rock groups? This album is more fun and engrossing than most Swans albums. I also checked out "Women as Lovers," and it seems that moving back in their catalog, I find things that catch me even more.

## Reads and Videos

- [Y'all mind if I complain for 15 minutes? - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBZv0_MImIY)
    - A well-done rant on how "stupid" the push to smart and apps is making everything. This is the sub-theme of my blog.
    - There is a large tangent about how bad customer service and storefronts have become that I cannot agree with more; I have been struggling to buy things locally in stores.
- [Lix | Announcing Lix 2.94 "Açaí na tigela"](https://lix.systems/blog/2025-11-18-lix-2.94-release/)
    - Yay! It's not stable yet, but I want it.
- [State Department Reverses Course, Says Trans Passports Will Be Valid Until They Expire](https://www.erininthemorning.com/p/state-department-reverses-course)
    - I wanted to share this and hope this keeps.
- [Highlights from Git 2.52 - The GitHub Blog](https://github.blog/open-source/git/highlights-from-git-2-52/)
    - I am so pointlessly into Git updates
- [Framework 13 PipeWire Speaker EQ (without EasyEffects) · GitHub](https://gist.github.com/ZetaTom/ff7bf4be87d8e9e461d12dcd7eb8d38c)
    - The framework 13 sounds rough on a lot of surfaces, so here are some tips on how to adjust it without always having an extra app open
- [GitHub - kavishdevar/librepods: AirPods liberated from Apple's ecosystem.](https://github.com/kavishdevar/librepods)
    - This is the nerd talk of the week. Somebody created a fully open way to unlock all of the AirPods' features. I think this is amazing, but I worry about how quickly Apple will break this
- [Days 201-300: Every anti-LGBTQIA+ move the Trump Administration has made](https://www.gaytimes.com/uncloseted/days-201-300-every-anti-lgbtqia-move-the-trump-administration-has-made/)
    - For those who don't pay attention to the assault on queer lives right now, here is a rollup for the last 100 days.

## Quote of the Week

> I see a lot of people saying, "We need to have a serious conversation about this." This means they want to spend 4 hours arguing about it, then all agree that absolutely nothing can or will be done about it.
>
> - JA Westenberg
