---
date: 2025-12-14T18:01:22-08:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2025-W50'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

<!--more-->

## Summary

- Family Get Together
    - We had a huge family get-together. I spent time with family I haven't seen in 20 years. It was _so_ amazing to see all that family and people I missed. No incidents, all amazing time.
- Grindstone at work
    - Claude and I have become tight pairing partners by demand. It's improving my AI coding skills, but I don't know if I love it. Still, it's likely going to be an invaluable skill.
    - All I know is my company is pushing the fuck out of it, so I'm getting on board and getting good at it.
- Desk rearrange
    - My microphone's spider shock mount's rubber is hitting the end of its life, so what better time to rearrange my entire desk and install the mic stand I use at my other desk. I rarely use the mic at my music desk these days, so why not have the super nice mic and stand for streaming?
- Framework shipping resolved
    - I have my modules and RAM from the framework this week. They contacted me several days later to inform me that my sales order was in a bad state and that I needed to resubmit my billing. After verifying they never completed the charge and resubmitting it, it went through, and they shipped it a day ot so later, and I had it quick.
    - Disappointing that it was something we could have resolved weeks ago if they had just notified me.
- New Meds, mixed outcome
    - New meds are never fun; these took a bit to have some good outcomes, but they are starting to pay off.
- Poor Sleep
    - Between pages and some new meds, I have been losing hours every single night.
- Missed Streams
    - I haven't streamed as much, but the streams I had were amazing, so I hope I can make it up in the upcoming weeks.
- My First NixPkgs PR
    - It's nothing too special, but I committed my first change to NixPkgs with a straightforward version bump to a package. Every once in a while, I bump into an out-of-date package, so I am starting to submit updates.
    - If this goes well, I plan to keep pushing a steady state of some of my fave apps I don't yet have.

## Books

- I Won't Let Mistress Suck My Blood Vol 1 ⭐️⭐️⭐️
    - Very bog-standard monster fucker premise setup for the whole volume. The art and flavor of this didn't stand out. We definitely end the volume learning this is going to be the "submitting to the monster makes _me_ very horny" protag sort.
- Love Bullet Vol 1 ⭐
    - In the right hands, this is a 4-star manga. But having sweet emotional moments followed by full-page art of point-blank gunshots to the head doesn't work for me at all. If you are super into JDF stuff and girls making heart eyes at each other, this is for you, but I can't even get into this for the novelty.
- Rainbows After Storms Vol 7 ⭐️⭐️⭐️✨
    - This volume is a recovery after the last two issues; tiffs, an excellent time with the new B-Plot girl, and a severe test to the relationship that felt authentic, and some big feel-good moments at the end.
    - This would be a strong 4 instead of three and a half because the fan service felt forced. I still tire of these two acting like the deepest blushing of virginal maidens after half a year of dating and smooches sessions.
- Fired But I Maintain All the Software! (Manga) Volume 1 ⭐️⭐️⭐️
    - This has a fun, if not weird, plot and good characters, but the art and tone are all over the place. The whole thing has an extremely "manic" feel to the comedy.
- Rainbow! Volume 2 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
    - This is the fantastic conclusion of the first rainbow volume. It's really amazing and delightful for a YA queer discovery-and-trauma story. My only critique is that it could have come together a bit better and breathed as a trilogy. Gimma more haha.

## Music

- Vylet Pony's "Monarch of Monsters"
    - This is the only thing I have listened to all week, on repeat, over and over. It's got me completely sucked in.
    - This prog rock style grim dark concept album is just too good and too powerful for this time.

## Reads and Videos

- [The f*** off contact page - Nic Chan](https://www.nicchan.me/blog/the-f-off-contact-page/)
    - I hate these so much. I find myself hitting so many roadblocks trying to get support these days, too. This article pairs well with a video I posted a few weeks ago that discusses this from the user perspective rather than the UX designer's.
- [How the creator economy destroyed the internet | The Verge](https://www.theverge.com/cs/features/810002/influencers-creator-economy-special-series)
    - As somebody who participates in this and has friends who have their entire well-being in the creator economy, an exposé like this is both fascinating and scary all at the same time, especially when I read No Lies.
- [Software Estimation Choices | Mike McQuaid](https://mikemcquaid.com/software-estimation-choices/)
    - This one hits a lot
- [You Have Billions Invested In Generative AI by Woe Industries](https://woe-industries.itch.io/you-have-billions-invested-in-generative-ai)
    - A good text-based game to try out
- [Libxml2 Becomes Officially Unmaintained After Maintainer Steps Down](https://linuxiac.com/libxml2-becomes-officially-unmaintained/)
    - Yikes
- [Scaling NixOS with "Import All and Enable" Pattern | Kobi Medrish's Blog](https://kobimedrish.com/posts/scaling_nixos_with_import_all_and_enable_pattern/)
    - an interesting pattern I'd like to try
- [Flakey: An All-in-One NixOS Framework with Flakes](https://github.com/anialic/flakey/tree/main)
    - another interesting pattern to try

## Quote of the Week

> Philosophy is a great way to figure out why you're unhappy, but a terrible way to fix it
>
> - Twitter
