---
title: "This Week in Squirrels: 2025-W36"
date: 2025-09-07T20:21:44-07:00
draft: false
tags:
 - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

## Summary

- I took the week off for my birthday. This is the second week off, but last week wasn't all that relaxing. I find it stressful that it takes a week to unwind enough to relax for a week. The layers of irony.
- My birthday started with a quick stream and then a family birthday brunch at a very loud but delicious Israeli brunch restaurant.
 - I get the solid impression that my brother and mother have really given up the effort to acknowledge my transition. Since it's been over seven years, I can't believe somebody is ever going to try if we are still putting no effort into resisting the urge to refer to me as "he" to the waiter. I am not mad about it, but disappointed.
- After sitting down and documenting my career notes and processing my thoughts, I have some direction, or at least a lot of questions.
- I set up a new IPv6 ULA & NPT, then updated all my external monitoring for my self-hosted services to ensure all my self-hosted apps are still working over IPv6 locally and remotely.
- Returned to making and posting stream schedules for my live streams.
 - I even made all my streams! No cancellations, and I hope to keep that up even when I am working. 😆
- Reorganized all of my Forgejo repositories into orgs. There will be a blog post later on this.
 - I started the blog post on my new Forgejo setup, which turned into the first post of a pretty long series. I have a lot to say and have learned from it.
- Set up a Terraria server and spent almost 10 hours playing it with friends. It was way too much fun, but I was also up way too late. The only bad part was that I became a bit too involved and started missing chats.
 - The second stream of it was proof that I like screwing around in the game so much, but I was much better at being present with chat.
 - Still, Terraria sessions mean fewer breaks and longer streams for me so far.
- Speaking of streaming, I set up a lot of Firebot v5 commands and fun stuff like auto shout-outs, a shout-out queue, and even have some overlay commands.
 - It took a few revisions, but it's great to have more features on the stream.
 - Sadly, Fugi, the tool for sharing profiles and showing people you are collabing with on Discord on stream, is totally glitching out and breaking many times during a stream
- Since Mint 22.2 was released, I upgraded my desktop and then finally jumped into updating my servers to Debian 13. All the upgrades were a massive nothing burger, which is really nice; I love an uneventful update.
- Refactor all of my books tracking and logging into Obsidian bases instead of DataView, which fixed all my super slow renders. Switching from Goodreads to my own notes in Obsidian has slowed down my reading a bit, but taking all the notes has had me more engaged with what I am reading.
- My blood sugar has been rapidly plummeting in the back half of this week with a significant pullback on my insulin. I had a rough start to the week due to poor eating on vacation, but the rubber band is impressive.
 - At the very end of this week, I am starting up a new med, and that's always exciting and scary when I am already experiencing low glucose.
- Spent my usual Saturday working on plans for the next week with Kitty. It will likely be a lot of work on writing, thinking, and streaming. Time to think and write.
- Went to a brand new ramen joint in town. Incredibly delicious, quality ingredients, and rich broth. The portions were smaller than I have seen anywhere, but the price-to-quality ratio is impressive.

## Books

- How Do I Turn My Best Friend Into My Girlfriend?, Vol. 4 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
- Until I Love Myself, Vol 1 _DNF_
- With You Our Love Will Make It Through, Vol 3 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
- My First Love's Kiss, Vol. 3 _I have rarely regretted buying a book so much_

At least all the romance fluff I read this week was good.

## Music

- Had a massive Bandcamp Friday haul that will take me a while to go through.
- Found a "new to me" artist with a new album, "Lost Dog" by fur:trash. It's very "breakcore noise trash" style with good underlying composition. It reminded me of Ada Rook's "UNKILLABLE ANGEL," which is still a contender for my fave album of the year.
- Dusqk's "Sanctuary OS" is a good "chill breakcore" counterbalance to fur:trash. It's a type I often call the PlayStation Style because it uses that reverb and sweeps so often.
- Went back to listening to Ada Rook instead of my new music 😆
- I checked. It's only September, and I have eighty-four 2025 releases purchased this year. 😅 I don't know if I can listen to this much music, but I have it.

## Reads and Videos

- Damn it, I am agreeing with Theo.gg again. This is not a trend I try to keep. But I hard agree with his take on [The right way to vibe code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6TMPWvPG5GA)
- This blog post ended up all over my corner of the internet, and it's a big mood for me. Simplicity always wins in maintainability. [I Tried Every Todo App and Ended Up With a .txt File](https://www.al3rez.com/todo-txt-journey)

Holy Heck... That was a lot. A lot, a lot. I hope that these will be shorter going forward, and I will work on being more concise in my writing.
