---
date: 2025-12-28T18:25:46-08:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2025-W52'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

<!--more-->

## Summary

- Merry Chryster ~
    - I don't have a lot to say this week, but Merry Christmas, Solstice, Yule, and a few other things to those who celebrate.
    - I spent time with the family
- Supporting Switchers
    - Lately, a lot more people in my circle have been making switches, like Windows to Linux and Spotify to Self-hosted.
    - I have been working my fuzzy tail off trying to support and help those people, and it's felt really great.
    - While most of my non-weekly posts have been about self-hosting and buying music, I am diversifying to listening to music, daily driving Linux tips, and streaming on Linux
- Working
    - I didn't take the holidays off this year, so I actually spent most of this week working on cleaning up things at work. It's kinda nice when it's so quiet
- Passings
    - This week, several people in my sphere passed away, so I may be feeling extra touchy. Of all the times to be hitting even more tragedies, this is a rougher time
- Year Wrapped
    - A lot of services dropped their wrap, and while I don't use a ton of services that do that, and what I do, I often have tracking turned off...
    - Bandcamp sent me its version of its wrapped, and I was floored when they sent me how much I spent on music this year. I knew it was a big number because I was rebuilding parts of my collection, but HOLY MOLEY. Wow. Ouch.
- Health
    - Better?
- Mental
    - Looking forward to getting past the holidays

## Books

- Kaya-chan Isn't Scary Vol 3 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
    - The story kicks up a notch, and even though it still features a weird creeper stereotype, it also humanizes Kaya in some good ways. Also, it's creepy af
- This Monster Wants to Eat Me Vol 5 ⭐⭐⭐
    - The anime has now moonshot well past this manga, which poured some water on me
    - This volume is where all the big reveals happen, there is a ton of moping, and some time where we learn about the monsters a bit more
- The Moon on a Rainy Night 8 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
    - Gorgeous art? Check. Drama around a girl being a picky princess? Also check. Character realizing she is gay? Check. Whole six pages dedicated to "screams in lesbian" moment? Check.

## Music

- Jane Remover's "Revengeseekerz"
    - This one topped a lot of year-end lists. I can't say it hooked me like some other people's stuff, but I hear what people are saying when they call Jane Remover the current bar of hyper pop.
- Miffle's "goodbye, world!"
    - This popped up on a year-end list and has really found a spot for me as "most fun chill music" with its dreamy, warpy tape sound
- Ninajirachi's "I Love My Computer"
    - Another one on so many year-end lists, I had to run it back. While amazing EDM in general, when I sat down with the lyrics, it hit so, so, so much harder
- Geese's "Getting Killed"
    - I bought this out of sheer bullying into listening to it because like, who hasn't talked about this album? If this were a CD, I would have traded it in at the used record shop by the end of the week. Not for me.

## Reads and Videos

- [Bari Weiss 60 Minutes controversy: What to know about CECOT prison](https://www.axios.com/2025/12/22/cecot-trump-bari-weiss-60-minutes)
- ["Yo what?" LimeWire re-emerges in online rush to share pulled "60 Minutes" segment - Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2025/12/yo-what-limewire-re-emerges-in-online-rush-to-share-pulled-60-minutes-segment/)
    - Remember back when people in other countries used to VPN into download American TV to get around government censorship?
- [How viral AI videos use racism to make money and sway political opinions](https://www.axios.com/2025/12/27/racist-ai-videos-viral-trend)
    - I feel like we don't talk about Digital Blackface and the problems we cause with sockpuppetry
- [Billionaires with $1 salaries - and other legal tax dodges the ultrawealthy use to keep their riches - Salon.com](https://www.salon.com/2025/12/28/billionaires-with-1-salaries-and-other-legal-tax-dodges-the-ultrawealthy-use-to-keep-their-riches-partner/)
    - I always hated when people acted like the fact that Steve Jobs worked for a dollar was some noble thing. Eventually, everybody figured out the tax dodge

## Quote of the Week

> "As we enter the New Year, remember _fear_ of making bad art is holding you back. _Fear_ of people not liking your work is holding you back. Rejection is holding you back.
> You'll make bad art, you'll have people not like your work, and you'll be rejected. Moving past it is half the job of being a creative.
>
> @samanthamash.bsky.social
