---
date: 2025-11-02T20:51:27-08:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2025-W44'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

<!--more-->

## Summary

- IPv6 + Docker
  - Since reloading my server, IPv6 has been broken in some unique and fun ways. Almost everything has been around my ULA+SLAAC RA configuration.
  - And then Docker was blackholing packets coming in on IPv6 routing to containers. I learned this is a new Moby feature which is just breaking some things. I moved all my network configurations out of engine.json and into my Docker Compose file, and it fixed SOME of the issues.
  - External systems routing in IPv6 to containers still doesn't work in the exact same docker-compose and router setup, but at least that internal network traffic can route and track ipv6.
- Sway
  - Am I WM hopping? No, I promise, I swear. It's not a hop; I was just uhhhhhhhhhhh switching to Sway to compare a few weeks on Niri. It's pretty trivial to switch back and forth, so back to the experimenting.
  - I lasted exactly 1 evening on Sway. I didn't even get like a moment into my work day before I was like… I have WAY too much going on rn to play with this. Also I don't think I can go back to how it counts desktops.
- The curse of the Realtek rtl8125 & NixOS
  - For all my time using Debian on my server and Mint on my desktop, I never had a single issue with my Realtek RTL8125b 2.5Gb NIC cards. However, since I switched to NixOS, it's been a nightmare, and I'm not sure why.
  - Are there a lot fewer kernel hacks and patches pre-applied? I am using a lot of the nixos-hardware module, but it's not as mature.
  - I also didn't realize I had to set extra options to get all my non-free firmware blobs.
  - Even with all this and forcing the upstream Realtek driver, my network hard stops working without any errors or messages; I don't even see an official disconnect or packet loss. It just takes a little sleepy break long enough to disrupt everything. I am now deep into tuning a lot of module load settings and disabling power management on them.
  - I would like to go back to everything working, but it's a mess.
- WM Tweaking
  - Let it never be said I don't absolutely love and adore using a window manager. For the longest time, I used an open box with a bunch of custom menus on my work computer, only to eventually switch to an i3.
  - In the last few years, I got into Sway, but then went back to using a full DE to stop me from spending all my time tuning, tweaking, and fiddling
  - But then I saw Niri
  - Niri feels the most at home and makes me the happiest, but I am back to using a WM, and that means everything needs to be set up.
  - It's been two weeks since I went to Niri, and it's been a RIDE of tuning config files and trying to get everything back
  - But now I am back to solid, I think, and I pray to all heck I can just be happy with this and stop touching it. I love the filling and theming, but I also know it's a time sink.
- Work stress
  - I don't want to get into the details, but things are extra extra stressful at work. I have been very on edge and burnt out, and the latest news is that many people are involved.
  - However, we have some discussions going on, and we can get through them all.

## Books

- The Anemone Feels the Heat, Vol. 1 ⭐⭐⭐
  - This is a re-read because I forgot so much of this. In the end, it's weird and toxic, but the fact that she only takes one volume to get off it. I do really like the art.
- The Anemone Feels the Heat Vol 2 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
  - This manga is actually getting better. I love the ultra-dramatic gay person who is not getting her way and has to make everybody's relationship all drama. The fact that they are getting on with the ties quickly is making this enjoyable.

## Music

- The Body's "I've Seen All I Need to See"
  - I never thought I would buy an album on the recommendation of a Verge article, but here we are in 2025.
  - This album is noisy, harsh, and aggressive.
- Leroy's Dariacore Trilogy
  - I didn't even realize that this is a lot of the origin of the Femtanyl sound. A bough quality but an interesting mix of mashup and hyperpop.

## Reads and Videos

- [Common Pitfalls When Adopting Shape Up (and How to Avoid Them) - Ryan Singer](https://www.ryansinger.co/pitfalls-when-adopting-shape-up/)
  - I don't talk about work stuff often, but Ryan Singer wrote a new blog post that outlines just about every issue I/we have had with Shape Up and adopting it. It's a good, quick read
- [As social media age restrictions spread, is the internet entering its Victorian era?](https://theconversation.com/as-social-media-age-restrictions-spread-is-the-internet-entering-its-victorian-era-267610)
  - As someone who grew up with the very early internet, it is fascinating to watch the internet and regulation turn into such burdensome regulation and lockdown. This phrases the reflections in a Victorian era, which I find amusing, but I nevertheless have an additional question.
  - Will this conservative era of restricting major platforms drive people back into the weird, distributed, small structures of the internet or create two internets?
- ['Death to Spotify': the DIY movement to get artists and fans to quit the music app | Spotify | The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2025/oct/12/spotify-boycott-artists)
  - I hate to think of anything as "Death to" or "A Product Name Killer" but I am glad to see more and more people looking to the next phase of music, whatever that is
- [Andrea Fomera: Stop Giving Harm a Microphone](https://afomera.dev/posts/2025-10-25-stop-giving-harm-a-microphone)
  - Can a week go by without me side-posting shitty Ruby, man? No.
  - However, of all the things I would recommend to people, this is by far the most, mainly because this is written by a transgender person and centers their experiences and how centering people who do harm has explicitly caused problems.. AND it offers real actions and solutions
- [Black Christmas Crafted Feminist Horror](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=aIbasl8wm0Y)
  - This dig into one of the great early classics of a genre touches on some of the more fascinating times like the 70s, 80s, and how horror was designed for times like these. Absolutely worth the long watch.
- [Backups - You only want them once you need them](https://dontblameme.codeberg.page/Blog/Backups---You-only-want-them-once-you-need-them.html)
  - I post a lot about restore systems and backups. this is a nice quick jump in on what is and isn't.
- [clipping.: Tiny Desk Concert - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0-k7vW9Xek)
  - I love clipping. and this is probably the greatest Tiny Desk I have ever seen. This whole rig is something else and the turntablist they brought in was something else. Daaved looks so awkward the whole time but he still smashes it.

## Quote of the Week

None this week.
