---
date: 2026-07-12T20:37:05-07:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2026-W28'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...
From _Sun Jul 5th_ to _Sat Jul 11th_

<!--more-->

## Summary

- Finally got back on some extra streams
    - Thank heck, a super good stream Sunday. Tons of people around, having maximum chaos.
    - Then later a surprise evening stream was great to have with a friend, too. An overdue collab.s
- Weekly Review and Keeping in the System
    - Sunday is a good time to do the review now.
    - The single note with headers for all my contexts has been working really well. Especially after I made some small Obsidian tweaks like adding strikethrough and grey for done tasks, and a small plugin that automatically moves checked-off tasks to the bottom.
- Desktop hardware issues this week
    - My desktop had some USB lockups when plugging in a controller. Turns out that not only does it have several controllers, but some are more problematic than others. And where they are located is odd.
    - Digging into notes it does look like this was not an OS thing but time for an overdue motherboard firmware update. I avoid these unless I need them, but this is my third lockup. It went cleanly and I used `cyme` to help arrange all my major devices to be on different controllers internally.
- HomeAssistant lockups/offlines when playing music
    - As soon as I fixed my desktop, my Raspberry Pi 5 started having some sort of lockup or dropping offline when I started playing music through MusicAssistant.
    - I learned that the Raspberry Pi 5 takes some weird power for optimal use and without a very special hard to find cable a USB-C PD brick won't cut it. I replaced the power supply with one specifically rated for it and had no further problems.
    - There were also a lot of HomeAssistant and MusicAssistant updates lately, so maybe it was just as much that. Either way my board has recommended power now
- DNScontrol tests
    - Nothing big on my side: only verifying DNSimple's integration works for the latest major refactor coming out.
    - I want to set up DNSimple into the built in CI/CD so we can auto test for DNSimpe, but that's on the long list.
- Obsidian Plugin Audit
    - This is your reminder to audit your Obsidian plugins once in a while.
    - I hadn't really done so in a very long time, and I found that some of my plugins had been removed from the Obsidian plugin repos for… IDK reasons.
    - Either way, I was able to replace the older, unmaintained plugins with new hotness. Yay, I suppose. Part of me is "if it's not broke" but also Obsidian's plugin framework is a moving target these days.
- Summer Anime Cour flood
    - I picked way too much anime to check out… but luckily, plenty is worth cutting.
    - There is only two or three must keepers and the rest might cut depending on how news comes.
- Setting a record of socializing this week!
    - I got to a cafe meetup with JT, where I got to see Ainsley too!
    - Then I got to have the old order in dinner and chat
    - then after all that…
    - My first game night in eons. We played Nemesis Retrobution, and I think I like it better than the original Nemesis. Maybe. The higher action and agency of the players is pretty nice.
- Getting back on top of taking care of this house
    - It's been too long, and this house is too big. I have a huge list of overdue maintenance to do, but I can only do a few a week, and I will get back on top of it.
- Pondering more blog posts
    - A lot of independent posts are being swallowed up in little though pieces in my summary sections. I am thinking about breaking these out and slimming down my summaries.
- Money is getting to a sucky point.
    - And of course, I find that a bunch of bills haven't been listed in my billing account, and so now I have this massive backlog of payments
    - And more keep coming.
- Week Two recovery time
    - I dropped my vampire debuff! I needed blood for the begining but finally stopped needing a bag every few days. So awesome having my own blood.
    - Now, if I can have my immune system.
    - I also got a last minute addition to my calendar for next Wednesday with the doctor, so I believe news is waiting for me. Let's hope it's good news

## Books

- Hello Melancholic! Vol 1 ⭐⭐
    - This felt like it was a bit too much setup for a first volume of three
- Hello, Melancholic! Vol 2 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
    - Suddenly, all the romance, all the couples, all the actual progress of the story.
- Hello, Melancholic! Vol 3 ⭐⭐⭐
    - I overall like this, but the ending was rushed. Still, we got an initial conflict of the main couple in before it ended.
- The Devil She Knows ⭐⭐⭐⭐
    - A fun romance that eases up on the hooking up and makes for a very entertaining read. I felt some of the attraction was contrived, though. I need more sapphic demon romance books. This is now my latest obsession. Vampires our out, demons are in.
- Dungeon Crawler Carl ⭐⭐⭐⭐
    - I started reading this a while back, and it didn't land. I don't really know why. But it is blowing up again because the audiobooks are out and I now have even more friends telling me to read it.
    - Coming back at it, I still feel it's wanting very hard to be a Terry Pratchet book without quite making it to that height. However, once past some of the bro humor it's a really fun page turner. I was huffing at how it ended and was immediately into the second book.

## Music

- Seeming
    - Deep down somewhere I decided to be extra angsty and full of drama. Not quite ThouShaltNot angst, but maybe some of my favorite Seeming albums angst.
- Mandy, Indiana's "Urgh"
    - Angry Angst
- Planet Mu 30
    - One of my favorite recent compilations, for when the angst starts to fade
- The Prodigy
    - My random brought up one of my favorite bands, so I decided to listen to some of the earliest albums again.
- Kneecap
    - I felt like making a runback on the two studio albums. So great
- FlowerBoyDeMii
    - I needed a good break from the banging, and this is some ambient jungle.
- Fiona Apple's "Fetch the Bolt Cutters"
    - Sometimes you just gotta get angry and put the electronics aside for it.

## Reads and Videos

- [Just let me compute in peace | Neil's blog](https://neilzone.co.uk/2026/04/just-let-me-compute-in-peace/)
    - FOR REALS. Cosign
- [Polyend Tracker Studio — free web-based pattern & instrument editor](https://www.reddit.com/r/PolyendTracker/comments/1uojesl/polyend_tracker_studio_free_webbased_pattern/)
    - This looks really cool for when I don't have my tracker around
- [The First One to Know You’re Gay? Your TikTok Algorithm | Them](https://www.them.us/culture/tiktok-algorithm-knows-gay)
    - I am actually shocked this has only come up now. I am reminded of the famous Target case in 2012, where Target was able to tell a teenager was pregnant before she did. They had only a fraction of the data TikTok gets on us.
- [Automated Moderation Is Here to Stay—Accountability Must Keep Pace | Electronic Frontier Foundation](https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2026/07/part-2-automated-moderation-here-stay-accountability-must-keep-pace)
    - This is a good thought on how we need safeguards and
- [Have you heard? Clickhouse is winning the observability wars!](https://charity.wtf/p/have-you-heard-clickhouse-is-winning)
    - NGL I laughed so hard at this and Charity rightfully sipping her toldja so juice in it. Still, it's worth pointing out that it's not 'that app'; it's the underlying technology.
- [NYT Wrote Five Stories on the Trans Athlete Ban Decision. Not One Quoted A Transgender Person. | Assigned Media](https://assignedmedia.org/breaking-news/nyt-trans-athletes-coverage-trans-not-quoted/)
    - Have we not figured out the NYT's agenda yet? Is anybody shocked?
- [We didn’t need a rape accusation to know Graham Platner was unfit](https://www.thehandbasket.co/p/graham-platner-rape-accusation-maine-senate)
    - I sure do hate that we have to have think pieces like this now. Like, really, y'all? The Nazi tattoo guy?!
- [Suspecting AI cheating, Ivy League prof ordered an in-person final; scores fell 50% | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/ai/2026/07/we-cannot-choose-to-become-idiots-the-ai-cheating-scandal-roiling-brown-university/)
    - Yikes
- [Spotify Confirms Streaming Fraud After Kalshi Trader Cries Foul | WIRED](https://www.wired.com/story/spotify-streaming-manipulation-prediction-markets-polymarket-kalshi/)
    - Oh, Spotify, isn't all this unregulated gambling doing well?
- [How Flock Cameras Wrongly Tracked Me for Days Over ‘Stolen’ Plates and Sent Police After Me | The Drive](https://www.thedrive.com/news/how-flock-cameras-wrongly-tracked-me-for-days-over-stolen-plates-and-sent-police-after-me)
    - This one is less of an abuse and more of a bug, but wow, what a bug
- [Footage Shows Cop Stalking Woman He Met on a TV Set After Surveilling Her With a License Plate Reader | 404media](https://www.404media.co/footage-shows-cop-stalking-woman-he-met-on-a-tv-set-after-surveilling-her-with-a-license-plate-reader/)
    - I won't stop sharing stories about abuses of mass surveillance

## Quote of the Week

> Art should ring a bell in your own life. I don't want people to say it's great, I want people to say: it's for me.
>
> \- Agnès Varda
