---
date: 2026-03-29T22:36:24-07:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2026-W13'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

<!--more-->

## Summary

- Hospital Part 4: The Finale
    - I sure hate that there is a part four but it is the last week of the hospital stay of doom.
    - Being in the hospital is a lot of managing pain, poop, and cables.
- The pain saga
    - The downside is that some of the procedures are having complications, and we have started the pain saga. I have never lived with a consistent or persistent hard pain before.
    - It was impressive how much the hard pain and hangover like symptoms completely drained all my energy and willpower.
    - Luckily for me, it was only a five-day stint issue, and we were able to heal the complication and not have further problems.
- The energy rush
    - After we found something that worked really well for my pain and energy, I was hit with the biggest ADHD bounce and energy to do everything.
    - Monday was a "let's clean up my task lists, see what low-hanging fruit I have to fix, and start knocking out tasks I have had lying about for a while" kind of day.
- The Discharge
    - Finally! I'm Free!
    - Discharge after so long in a hospital is a lot. Piles of notes, piles of appointments, meds, scripts, followups. I was discharged immediately after my infusion.
- The second infusion is like. Holy shit
    - I got to recover at home but I lost three days to lying down. But when I say lost, I mean at least I still was at home and healing in my space and going for lil walks and moving about.
    - Sleep was the worst thing ever. My brain was not ready, and it was all the worst hallucinations and non-sleep and issues.
    - It seems the infusion killed my sense of taste, which is just WEIRD.
    - Sleep is hard because my body is essentially just a water filter set on max, so I am up ab out 4-6 times a night to both re-hydrate and pee.
- Finally, a human day!
    - It took till Satuday to wake up feeling mostly human, a very sick human, but not like… mostly moving half-brain corpse human.
    - Time to do ALL the chores that have been piling up, clean, and do some prep.
- Lessons: Just wanted to put a few personal lessons.
    - Right after infusion, stop trying to like, wake up with your morning alarm, and be a human. Disable all that and just stay in bed with water and salty foods. Let yourself process. I feel like I made things worse trying to be up at 6tam every day.
    - Prepare for having NO ENERGY and barely being able to hold yourself up at the table.
    - Call more people, you are supposedly pretty amusing when your brain is fried.
    - But be careful because you get snippy when you are in so much pain.
    - Sleep is hard; keep all the water close by.
- Renovate Breakage
    - My self-hosted renovate setup shockingly broke itself in some odd ways while I was paying a lot less attention.
    - It was a big reminder not to let too many things auto-merge updates unless you are watching for ALL warnings
- NixOS and bandwidth
    - I have been hitting one of the things about NixOS I hadn't realized. A pins/flake update can take GIGS AND GIGSs and can take hours on a small/metered connection.
    - This is amplified if a package breaks during build in unstable, and we end up with incomplete downloads and incomplete builds that will need fixing and retrying over and over.

## Books

- With You Our Love Will Make It Through Vol 4
    - This is another case where the anime came out and went past the official engish manga, so I have already watched all of this.
    - Honestly I didn't like this section that much in either.
    - The next volume will also be part of the anime so I wil likely just drop this series for a bit.
- Hungerstone
    - I just started this one and am of mixed feelings.
    - I don't care for period pieces and the writing that comes with them, but this comes highly recommended

## Music

- [Lauren Sanderson - COME SAY SUM (Official Video)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rJI8B7FzEA)
    - I am SO HERE for Lauren's new album.
    - This new single is stacking yet another amazing one on the pile for this album.
    - A lot of Lauren albums tend to be hit or miss for me, but this one may break that stream
    - "Songs I'll eat you out to" is probably the only other end to end banger Lauren album IMO.
- Billie Elish
    - I have been running back through her older albums, zoning out and napping to some of the intense sounds of "don't smile at me" and "when we all fall asleep."
- Meat Beat Manifesto
    - One of my all-time favorite projects, and it's been great to sink into old favorites
- bbno$
    - Good mood vibes
- The Crystal Method "Legion of Boom"
    - Another one of my all-time favorite albums
- Orbital
    - More good music to zone out to for me

## Reads and Videos

- [What Your Favorite Pokémon Says About You: The Grass Starters! | Bake Jennings](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/9uxyN3z5_cA)
    - Been a while since I posted a Blake Jennings video. this one is a short6 that made me snortlaugh
- [The US government just banned consumer routers made outside the US | The Verge](https://www.theverge.com/news/899172/fcc-foreign-router-ban)
    - This is just fascinating and weird to me. I know routers are such a bad bitnet problem, but I fail to see how US manufacturers have been doing any better?
- [North Carolina Man Pleads Guilty To Music Streaming Fraud Aided By Artificial Intelligence | United States Department of Justice](https://www.justice.gov/usao-sdny/pr/north-carolina-man-pleads-guilty-music-streaming-fraud-aided-artificial-intelligence-0)
    - A man used LLMs to generate hundreds of thousands of "songs", then used bots to stream them billions of times, to collect $8m in royalties.
    - Is there a better metaphor for late-stage capitalism than burning resources to make songs that are never listened to, then streaming them to robots that will never hear them, just to game some system for money?
- [Trump administration will pay a French company $1 billion in taxpayer funds to not build wind farms | CNN](https://www.cnn.com/2026/03/23/climate/trump-totalenergies-offshore-wind-cancellation)
    - Because right now, fossil fuels are so cheap
- [New Mexico jury says Meta harms children's mental health and safety | AP News](https://apnews.com/article/meta-facebook-new-mexico-trial-28eabd8ec5f58c1d1ecddc21bb107de7)
    - this will be MASSIVE
    - [Meta loses trial after arguing child exploitation was “inevitable” on its apps | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2026/03/meta-loses-trial-after-arguing-child-exploitation-was-inevitable-on-its-apps/)
- [A Mar-a-Lago flip: Dems win Trump's hometown Florida House district | POLITICO](https://www.politico.com/news/2026/03/24/dems-win-mar-a-lago-gregory-00843333)
    - I don't think this is as big a deal as some people say, but it's worth a laugh
- [OpenAI shutters AI video generator Sora in abrupt announcement | The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2026/mar/24/openai-ai-video-sora)
    - I think it's fascinating Disney put a billion on OpenAI's books for this, and then six months after the app launch, they shut it down and all their video generation. I have to wonder how much gaming of the system that is
- [Live-service games are such a mess, even Fortnite is struggling | The Verge](https://www.theverge.com/games/900389/live-service-games-mess-fortnite-layoffs)
    - This 1000-person layoff after an 850-person layoff at one of the BIGGEST game companies in the world is fascinating. Nothing is forever, and trends will shift, but they are showing this is still the biggest game in the world, and the company is pulling in 6 billion a year, but somehow it's still not sustainable?
    - What makes something sustainable now? How much have we done ourselves in with subsidies
- [Study: Sycophantic AI can undermine human judgment | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/science/2026/03/study-sycophantic-ai-can-undermine-human-judgment/)
    - I made the joke in the quote last week, but look at a whole study about how being stuck around nothing but sycophants underminds your judgment

## Quote of the Week

> You ever notice that it's socially acceptable to tell poor people how to spend their money?
>
> But when we ask the rich to stop hoarding wealth, the response is "it's their money."
