---
date: 2026-02-22T22:10:18-08:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2026-W08'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

<!--more-->

## Summary

- A day off!
    - I spent all of it streaming and then playing a game to disconnect.
- Sleeping with the rain
    - It's been a deep, hard storming at night all week, and it's caused me to wake up constantly. It seems I have enough trauma about the sound of water in the house that it's impacting my sleep.
    - I also have paired this with a lot various other nightmares to make a missed sleep soup. Seems my brain has a lot of anxiety to shed.
- Replacing my headphone earpads
    - I have had a pair of DT880's for… what might be 15-20 years ago, back when I started for my first impressively six-figure job. They have rapidly become less comfortable. Then this week I noticed the driver guard was resting on the shell of my ear.
    - I bought some 3rd-party replacement pads, and my old pads are 1/3 the depth of the new uncompressed fresh ones.
- Brain Vacation
    - My brain is vacationing a lot this week. I am trying to keep it present, but the snap back from the stress of last week is hard.
- Streaming Upgrades
    - In order to relax but still engage my brain, I have been doing a lot of stream work, learning to migrate chat and alerts to local systems, building more things into my streams, and adding more commands. I don't want to overload my streams with stuff, but there are a lot of interesting tricks in broadcast software to get even better.

## Books

- Ayaka is in Love with Hiroko! Volume 1 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
    - Yes, that is SIX starts, six out of five. This makes me want to change my scale of lesbian manga.
    - The story is a bit quicker than I would like, but I do love that it isn't dwelling on virginal blushes and eternally (in)convenient miscommunications. These ladies are trying their best, but they FAIL HARD in hilarious ways due to clearly presented traumas and misunderstandings. There are some extra twists, and of course, it hits us with a cliffhanger

## Music

- Skold vs KMFMD
    - A friend recommended this to me. I shockingly didn't like it. Many of the KMDFM albums that have Skold on them are some of my favorites, but I feel like the programming is thin, and Skold's lyrics are kinda goofy, and not in the best ways that KMFDM used to do
- Not My God
    - Now this is great, Skold work. This industrial sound really tickles me, especially how slow and dark it is
- Skold
    - I never got into his solo work before, but I have been picking through his back catalogue now.
- hemlocke springs "the apple tree under the sea."
    - This artist is new to me. I am still trying to get into it because before I could spend enough time on it, the album below dropped
- Peaches "No Lube So Rude"
    - This week, Peach's new album dropped! This album has some great polish without feeling overproduced. Peaches really hit this one out of the park

## Reads and Videos

- [Ars Technica Retracts Story Featuring Fake Quotes Made Up By AI, About A Different AI That Launched A Weird Smear Campaign Against An Engineer Who Rejected Its Code (Seriously) | Techdirt](https://www.techdirt.com/2026/02/18/ars-technica-retracts-story-featuring-fake-quotes-made-up-by-ai-about-a-different-ai-that-launched-a-weird-smear-campaign-against-an-engineer-who-rejected-its-code-seriously/)
    - [How Close Can AI Get To Writing A Techdirt Post? | Techdirt](https://www.techdirt.com/2026/02/18/how-close-can-ai-get-to-writing-a-techdirt-post/)
    - [Retraction: After a routine code rejection, an AI agent published a hit piece on someone by name - Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/ai/2026/02/after-a-routine-code-rejection-an-ai-agent-published-a-hit-piece-on-someone-by-name/)
    - I share a lot of Ars Technica articles because I am a paid subscriber to them, and have been for a very long time.
    - But I don't think this one can go under the bridge, that they used AI to falsify a lot of quotes and information, ironically, when posting an article about issues with AI.
    - Their redaction is IMO embarrassing, and without the journalism and openness I expect from them.
- [LGBTQ+ Identification Holds at 9% in U.S. - Gallup](https://news.gallup.com/poll/702206/lgbtq-identification-holds.aspx)
    - I still find it to be bonkers that 1% of the US population is trans and yet it's the hottest topic.
- [Texas Attorney General Announces Anti-Trans Crusade Against Binders - Them](https://www.them.us/story/texas-ag-ken-paxton-binder-company-lola-olivia-lawsuit)
    - You HAVE to be kidding me. This is the dumbest thing I read all week.
- [How IHS is Responding to Terrifying Changes at Amazon - I Heart SapphFic](https://iheartsapphfic.com/2026/02/17/how-ihs-is-responding-to-terrifying-changes-at-amazon/)
    - I haven't seen enough follow-up or more information about this, but as I mentioned in a prior post, this site's pro-Amazon crusade is one of the reasons I stuck to Amazon and ebooks
- [Western Digital Has No More HDD Capacity Left, as CEO Reveals Massive AI Deals; Brace Yourself For Price Surges Ahead!](https://wccftech.com/western-digital-has-no-more-hdd-capacity-left-out/)
    - The pain will continue until… the AI crashes, I guess
- [The Death of Spotify - Levi Hildebrand](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QqGiwj8u6S8)
    - Ending Spotify is going popular on channels now
- [Age verification vendor Persona left frontend exposed, researchers say | Malwarebytes](https://www.malwarebytes.com/blog/news/2026/02/age-verification-vendor-persona-left-frontend-exposed)
    - Discord is still catching Ls

## Quote of the Week

> "Free speech" is code for "I want to say slurs at brunch."
