---
date: 2026-04-11T20:36:01-07:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2026-W15'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

> [!NOTE]
> This post was added several weeks late and backdated to when I would have posted it.

<!--more-->

## Summary

- Setting back up Anubis
    - My personal forge site has been struggling again under load. I had removed Anubis at one point because I needed to sit down with it's configuration and was feeling lazy before.
    - It has been SHOCKING how much scanner traffic it instantly started blocking. Facebook has been using my forge for some very intense scanning for a while and even after brining back up Anubis and letting it stay, they keep scanning based on prior logs.
    - Now Forgejo runs like a breeze! setting up my internal networks on an allow rule was quick and easy and makes everying faster for me, while also not getting in the way of my workers.
- Treatment log mark…idk anymore
    - The most recent infusion is a steamroller. They gave me so much additional meds to make sure I didn't reject too hard and while the treatment overall went great I have been laid out for days on this one.
- Feeling the AI rust
    - I have been using claude code to make building out my own packages in Nix for a while now. At first I just wanted to relly shorted the cycle to get working. However am really finding that the more I do this the more I forget how to build out my own packages, even the simple ones quickly.
    - The question becomes, is my skills in Nix valuable, or is the means to the end more important. My personal repo packages don't really need to be perfect or upstreamable, but I WOULD like to start contributing more and if so then I need to wean myself off the crutches.
    - Again, it all comes back to a lot of 90's PopSci study on the human brain. It _loves_ taking shortcuts ad doing as little work as possible, to the determent of growing and maintaining skills.
- Speaking of NixOS
    - I am still very bothered by how long the NixOS channels go without updating. I have dug into some of the technical limitations they are hitting but not enough to really start offering real critique or, far more importantly, solutions.
    - My main problem is that PRs are getting merged constantly but we are seeing weeks for build pipelines to catch up and bring these patches to the users of NixOS.
    - This seems to be mostly because any breakage blocks the entire roll out, meaning important updates are sealed behind "this python package didn't build in CI on macOS." It's not like this is low hanging fruit to pluck as there is even more issues like the fact that Github also struggles with such a MASSIVE repo with so much work, and there has been a lot of posts about how both teams are trying to fix that.
    - I am seeing a lot of NixOS people bounce off and writing their own package and configuration management tools for Arch to mimic something similar to having reproducible OS setups without having to go through an entire new build system, which is interesting to me… if I can get back the arch breakage risks.
- The Crash
    - Sadly with how well things have been going health wise, it did not last
    - After one of the more intense treatments i quickly spiraled out and ended up back in my home away from home 😭

## Books

- Hungerstone ⭐️
    - It is a miserable story about a miserable woman who has lived a miserable horrible life. And i'd argue it doesn't get much better when she meets an obnoxious vampire who goads her into becoming completely self absorbed. In a chance to really embrace and empower herself she instead be becomes a jealous psychopath who kills a bunch of people; some self righteously. Some less so.
    - This book cares a lot about its historical period ramblings about what dresses and food and such and goes in long depth on them. If you love this and some misery porn, then this book may be about you.
    - But one of the reasons I don't enjoy "period" is works is that i find no appeal in dwelling in a time when women's role was to be as ornamental as possible
- I Won't Let Mistress Suck My Blood Vol 2 ⭐️
    - I feel like the art has only gotten worse in this. The new flirty killer nun they introduced is very unappealing to me, and there is some rough consent in here. I don't really want to learn the vampire's terrible secret enough
- Do Women Need Sex Entertainment Volume 1 and Vol 2 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐
    - This two volume autobiographical manga about getting into the administrative side of a company that manages sex workers that cater to women is interesting and well drawn but I was a bit distracted over the factr
- Belle of the Ball ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
    - Well drawn YA novel with an adorable story about second chances. It's pretty long and has a super fleshed out story with a full queer cast of diverse types. I like that it's a story that doesn't spend time about queer issues in society butrelationships.
- Babylove ⭐
    - I feel like this was less quirky and more feeling like an aspiring author's first wattpad story. The overall plot is a bit fun but the writing style was a bit distracting to me and some of the sledgehammer telegraphing of what is coming up seemed a bit far too

## Reads and Videos

- [What's killing Las Vegas? The shrinking middle class is a prime suspect | The Nevada Independent](https://thenevadaindependent.com/article/whats-killing-las-vegas-the-shrinking-middle-class-is-a-prime-suspect)
    - This is a constant conversation on all my vegas podcasts and the news.
    - The "cheap family era" of Vegas entertainment offerings are drying up and being replaced by more and more ultra high end offerings.
    - This seems to be a post pandemic trend that is getting worse and worse.
- [What the heck is wrong with our AI overlords? | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2026/04/what-the-heck-is-wrong-with-our-ai-overlords/)
    - Sam Altman is not ok and he needs to have some friends who will check him. But supposedly this is a poorly kept secret
- [Little Snitch for Linux | Objective Development Blog](https://obdev.at/blog/little-snitch-for-linux/)
    - I loved little snitch for macOS for the longest time and I am so excited for the linux version

## Quote of the Week

> People really dislike folks questioning AI and it's usage. I watched a lot of the back and forth about it yesterday and something stuck with me.
> Ppl say theirs no point in being against AI because "it's in everything and everywhere" but so is racism, and I'll forever complain about both.
>
> \- @carebear2717.blacksky.app
