---
date: 2026-05-03T20:39:33-07:00
title: 'This Week in Squirrels: 2026-W18'
description: A weekly wrap up of my thoughts, experiences, and finds.
draft: false
tags:
  - twis
---

This week in squirrels...

<!--more-->

## Summary

- Missed posts. But month summary here
    - I missed a few weeks because Sunday is usually not a good day to sit and computer for me.
    - Also I've had a lot of not a lot of great things to share or talk about so it's not been a priority. But I do want to keep people up to date.
    - In order to work around it I am going to do my best to compile and prep it on Monday or Tuesday and backdate it.
    - I will not be pack posting my personal blogs and notes for the time but I will summarize the last month or so here.
- Another month lost
    - it's hard not to see all of this as a loss. I am still alive but it's hard to say I have lived much.
    - I miss going out to cafes and friends even more than I could imagine. It's when you can't you miss it most
- Reading
    - I have been skipping about some non-fiction books trying to keep my brain engaged and feel like I am trying to find topics where I can improve my viewpoint and mental health.
- The Chemo™
    - It's brutal. I am now working into "Treatment Plan 2" which I didn't know was a thing, or forgot was a thing. Anyways Induction part two is even harsher than part 1.
    - Weekly Lumbar Punctures with Spine Chemo™ combined with three different types of chemo administered daily.
    - I spend ~3-4 hours a day hooked up to bags four days a week at a clinic now.
    - Then I spend Sunday-Tuesday horizontal with migraines and weakness.
    - And then the vomiting started… and then I got the most impressive anti-nausea/vom meds ever.
    - It's been hard at times but I am pushing through
- A bit of independence
    - while the chemo has been hard I have been finding the new symptoms have less times where the dizzy and need to collapse a bit isn't so bad, so i can drive myself around (albeit sometimes dealing with a horrid migraine)
    - This has been a game changer, taking myself to several appointments, going to the grocery store, and quick coffee shop stop.
    - Just getting out and doing some errands feels great.

## Books

- Koharu and Minato Happy Life with my GirlFriend vol 1 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
    - It pains me not to give this 5 stars honestly. The art is absolutely fantastic, the characters are well done. If all you want is slice of life sapphics being adorable at each other this is probably the best I ever read.
    - I took a star off because while this is clearly trying to tell a story, it's very fragmented with big gaps and what feels like retcons even.
- Ayaka is in Love with Hiroko! Volume 2 ⭐⭐⭐⭐
    - this manga has really hit a stride digging into the past of it's characters and their trauma. I didn't love this volume as much as the first because there is so much poor behavior and a lot of background I wasn't sure I needed.
- a lot of random books from my to be read pile I started and didn't find the mood to keep reading.

## Music

- "Actual Sounds + Voices" & "Subliminal Sandwich" by Meat Beat Manifesto
    - The urge struck and I spent a lot of time in my favorite albums from my favorite acts
- "Nine Inch Noize" by Nine Inch Nails & Boys Noize
    - This has been a great new NIN remix/live release. I love that they added a version of Memorabilia but sadly I feel it misses the raw intense feel of the original and 1994 NIN cover.
    - Otherwise this is an absolutely great addition to the remix album catalog
- "Kammerkonzert" by Squarepusher
    - I haven't loved a Squarepusher album this much since "Go Plastic". The chaotic and jazz infused idm-ish orchestral music is a delight to get lost in.
- Fatboy Slim on shuffle
    - Sometimes you just need some chill big beats and great samples when relaxing

## Reads and Videos

- [What Your Pokemon Champions Main Says About You! | YouTube Short](https://www.youtube.com/shorts/PHOZWq6j4mI)
    - You know I want to share some Blake Jennings
- [AI Companions Are Changing Love Forever | YouTube](https://youtu.be/jgOSjTwSVfU)
    - This hour long video essay by Princess Weekes is a bit slow to start but is amazing. It's not an "Anti-AI" video but this a well researched deep dive into how we have always toyed with the ideas of creating the perfect wife and how AI is enabling this in fascinating and dangerous ways.
    - There is also fascinating intersections explored.
- ['We've Been A Little Bit Too Romantic About The Idea That We Should Have Employees And Give People Long-term Job Security' Is An Extraordinary Thing For A Video Games CEO To Say On Record | Aftermath](https://aftermath.site/video-game-job-security/)
    - The title says it all. I hate saying things like "Post-Capitalism Hellscape" but… I struggle arguing against the idea.
- [More than half of all Polymarket "long shot" bets on military action pay off | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2026/04/more-than-half-of-all-long-shot-bets-on-polymarket-pay-off/)
    - I wonder how!
- [Palantir Workers Are Finally Noticing The Skulls On Their Caps | Techdirt](https://www.techdirt.com/2026/04/30/palantir-workers-are-finally-noticing-the-skulls-on-their-caps/)
    - I mostly just wanted to share this because anything that Mitchell & Webb sketch deserves a callout.
- [Ghostty Is Leaving GitHub | Mitchell Hashimoto](https://mitchellh.com/writing/ghostty-leaving-github)
    - An earlier article I shared on GutHub redefining their status page and metrics to cover how low their uptime has become.
    - Seeing one of GitHub's biggest proponents throwing down like this feels telling that their business strategies are failing their customers.
    - I still use GitHub heavily for work but migrated to my own forge and builders a while ago and have been happy for it.
- [Why is the black church trying to cancel Kev on Stage? | YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=brFHvJLdcg8)
    - FD has been on FIRE during his streams lately.
    - My favorite part of this video isn't about the "people who can't deal with people who are ok with the queers" but at the end where he says _"There is a moment that every body has in america under patriarchy where they have to start severing themselves from humanity \[…\] There is a three year old boy that's gonna learn today that he is no longer allowed to cry. \[…\] A lot of people don't conceptualize that pain."_

## Quote of the Week

> Jesus died for my sins and I'm going to make sure he gets his money's worth
